Miscellaneous changes based on `elemental3 customize` (#326)
SUSE/elemental: docs/configuration-directory.md

# Configuration Directory Guide

> The configuration directory is the place where users define the desired state of the image they intend to build by using the [elemental3 customize](image-customization.md) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration directory is the place where users define the desired state of the bootable image, following the [customization process](image-customization.md).
```
